==========
Disclaimer
==========
This website (`<http://www.arakoon.org>`_) is operated by Arakoon, hereinafter
indicated by "us" or "we".

Access to and the use of this website is subject to the following disclaimer
("Disclaimer"). You are kindly requested to read this Disclaimer carefully
before making use of this website in any manner whatsoever.

By visiting this website or by any other use thereof, you expressly declare
yourself to agree to this Disclaimer. 

Please note that the use of certain services on this website is subject to
separate conditions, such as the license agreements for the software you can
obtain through the `download page`_.

.. _download page: download.html

Liability
=========
The information that is available on this website is offered "in the current
state" ("as is") and without any guarantees being given. The use of the website
and the information contained thereon, occurs at your own risk.

We take great care in ensuring that the information offered is complete,
correct, accurate and up to date. Despite these efforts, errors may still
occur. Should you find errors in the information that is made available, you
can always contact us.

We endeavor to protect the website by all reasonable means and to limit any
inconveniences caused by technical faults insofar as possible. However, we
cannot exclude the possibility that incorrect technical actions or unauthorized
intervention may occur. For these reasons, we cannot guarantee that access to
the website will not be interrupted, or not be impeded in another manner due to
such problems.

We will make all reasonable efforts to protect this website against computer
viruses and other “malware”. Taking into account the nature of these dangers,
you however acknowledge that we cannot offer absolute protection and you will
take the necessary measures to protect your computer systems.

We are not liable under any circumstances for indirect damage or consequential
damage (such as, but not limited to, loss of data, loss of profit, etc.). Our
contractual and extra-contractual liability in connection with the use of this
website is excluded to the maximum extent allowed by law.

External hyperlinks
===================
This website may contain hyperlinks to other websites over which we have no
technical or substantive control whatsoever. We can offer no guarantee for the
completeness or correctness of the contents, nor for the availability of these
external websites. We accept no liability for any direct or indirect damage
that flows from the use of these external websites.

Intellectual property
=====================
The texts, images, video files and sound files that are depicted on this
website may only be reproduced or communicated to the public with our express,
written and prior consent.

Applicable law and applicable court
===================================
The use of this website is governed by Belgian law (with the exclusion of
conflict of law rules) and shall be interpreted accordingly. A dispute
regarding the validity, the interpretation or the implementation of this
Disclaimer shall be definitively decided by the competent court in Ghent.
